recommend eligible deployments for resource control test (#15872)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

In addition, the rational use of the resource control feature can reduce the number of clusters, ease the difficulty of operation and maintenance, and save management costs.

> **Note:**
>

> > - It is recommended to deploy computing and storage nodes that are independent to assess the effectiveness of resource management.  Scheduling and other cluster resource-sensitive features are hardly working properly on the deployment created by `tiup playground`, where the resource are shared across instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To assess the effectiveness of resource management, it is recommended to deploy the cluster on independent computing and storage nodes. Scheduling and other cluster resource-sensitive features are hardly working properly on the deployment created by `tiup playground`, where the resources are shared across instances. 
```

> **Warning:**
>
> This feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/support) on GitHub.
> 

> > The background task management in resource control is based on TiKV's dynamic adjustment of resource quotas for CPU/IO utilization. Therefore, it relies on the available resource quota of each instance. If multiple components or instances are deployed on a single server, it is mandatory to set appropriate resource quota for each instance through `cgroup`. Deployment with shared resources are challenging to demonstrate the expected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The background task management in resource control is based on TiKV's dynamic adjustment of resource quotas for CPU/IO utilization. Therefore, it relies on the available resource quota of each instance. If multiple components or instances are deployed on a single server, it is mandatory to set the appropriate resource quota for each instance through `cgroup`. It is difficult to achieve the expected effect in deployment with shared resources like TiUP Playground.
```
